Then what are you looking for me for?
Hanchuan, I really like you
We are now a good match
I was impulsive before
Can you forgive me?
match
How is the status of the elite of the Song Century Competition?
I shouldn't have to say more.
Song Yawei wants to discuss commercial marriage
You are nothing compared to the promised one
Let the Song family adopt you with the chips of housework and starting a family
Such a decision would be too extreme
I have no interest in you
Take care of yourself
Doctor Xu, why are you here?
Actually, I was just passing by
By the way, I'm really inviting you to see you.
It's noon.
Let's have a meal together
Sure. I heard they're delicious
You show me around